The President:
Hello, everybody.
This week, I traveled across
the country to talk about my
all-of-the-above energy
strategy for America --
a strategy where we produce
more oil and gas here at home,
but also more biofuels
and fuel-efficient cars;
more solar power and wind power
and other sources of clean,
renewable energy.
Now, you wouldn't know it by
listening to some of the folks
running for office
out there today,
but producing more
oil at home has been,
and will continue to be, a key
part of my energy strategy.
Under my Administration, we're
producing more oil than at any
other time in the
last eight years.
We've quadrupled the number
of operating oil rigs to a
record high.
And we've added enough oil
and gas pipeline to circle the
entire Earth and then some.
Those are the facts.
But as I've been
saying all week,
even though America uses
around 20% of the world's oil,
we only have around 2% of the
world's known oil reserves.
So even if we
drilled everywhere,
we'd still be relying on
other countries for oil.
That's why we're pursuing an
all-of-the-above strategy.
We're producing more biofuels.
More fuel-efficient cars.
More solar power.
More wind power.
This week, I was in
Boulder City, Nevada,
where they've got the largest
solar plant of its kind anywhere
in the country.
That's the future.
I was at Ohio State University,
where they've developed the
fastest electric
car in the world.
That's the future.
I don't want to cede these clean
energy industries to China or
Germany or some other country.
I want to see solar panels and
wind turbines and fuel-efficient
cars manufactured right here,
in America, by American workers.
Now, getting these clean energy
industries to locate here
requires us to maintain a
national commitment to new
research and development.
But it also requires us to build
world-class transportation and
communications networks, so that
any company can move goods and
sell products all around the
world as quickly and efficiently
as possible.
So much of America needs
to be rebuilt right now.
We've got crumbling
roads and bridges.
A power grid that
wastes too much energy.
An incomplete high-speed
broadband network.
And we've got thousands of
unemployed construction workers
who've been looking for a
job ever since the housing
market collapsed.
But once again, we're
waiting on Congress.
You see, in a matter of days,
funding will stop for all sorts
of transportation projects.
Construction sites will go idle.
Workers will have to go home.
And our economy will take a hit.
This Congress cannot
let that happen.
Not at a time when we should be
doing everything in our power --
Democrats and Republicans
-- to keep this recovery
moving forward.
The Senate did their part.
They passed a bipartisan
transportation bill.
It had the support of 52
Democrats and 22 Republicans.
Now it's up to the
House to follow suit;
to put aside partisan
posturing, end the gridlock,
and do what's right for
the American people.
This is common sense.
Right now, all
across this country,
we've got contractors and
construction workers who have
never been more eager
to get back on the job.
A long term transportation
bill would put them to work.
And those are good jobs.
We just released a report
that shows nearly 90% of the
construction, manufacturing
and trade jobs created through
investments in transportation
projects are middle class jobs.
Those are exactly the
jobs we need right now,
and they'll make the economy
stronger for everybody.
We've done this before.
During the Great Depression,
America built the Hoover Dam and
the Golden Gate Bridge.
After World War II, we connected
our states with a system
of highways.
Democratic and Republican
administrations invested in
great projects that
benefited everybody,
from the workers who actually
built them to the businesses
that still use them today.
So tell Congress that if we
invest in new technology and new
energy; in new roads and bridges
and construction projects,
we can keep growing our economy,
put our people back to work,
and remind the world why the
United States is the greatest
nation on Earth.
Thanks and have a great weekend.